Address shepherd review (#44)
core-wg/draft-dns-over-coap: draft-ietf-core-dns-over-coap.md

server" to differentiate it from a classic "DNS server".
A DoC server acts either as a DNS stub resolver {{-dns-terminology}} or a DNS recursive resolver {{-dns-terminology}}.
As such, the DoC server communicates with an "upstream DNS infrastructure" or a single "upstream DNS server".

> A "DoC resource" is a CoAP resource {{-coap}} at the DoC server that responds to a DNS query in a CoAP request with a DNS response in a CoAP response.

Reviewer: What about this?

> A "DoC resource" is a CoAP resource {{-coap}} at the DoC server that DoC clients can target to send a DNS query in a CoAP request.

Author: ```suggestion
A "DoC resource" is a CoAP resource {{-coap}} at the DoC server that DoC clients can target to send a DNS query in a CoAP request.
```

operation. DNS responses are provided in the body of the CoAP response.
A DoC server MUST be able to produce responses in the "application/dns-message"
Content-Format (for details, see {{sec:content-format}}) when requested.

> A DoC client MUST be able to understand responses in "application/dns-message" Content-Format

Reviewer: s/responses in/responses in the

Author: ```suggestion
A DoC client MUST be able to understand responses in the "application/dns-message" Content-Format
```

As described in {{sec:content-format}}, a DoC server uses NotImp (RCODE = 4) if it does not support an OPCODE—a DNS Update (OPCODE = 5) for "example.org" in this case.

    2.05 Content
    Content-Format: 553 (application/dns-message)
    Payload (human-readable):
      ;; ->>Header<<- opcode: UPDATE, status: NOTIMP, id: 0
      ;; flags: qr ra; QUERY: 1, ANSWER: 0, AUTHORITY: 0, ARCOUNT: 0

      ;; QUERY SECTION:
      ;example.org.                 IN      AAAA

> When an error occurs at the CoAP layer, the DoC responds with

Reviewer: s/the DoC responds/the DoC server responds

Author: ```suggestion
When an error occurs at the CoAP layer, the DoC server responds with
```
